abandonment negative
abandon negative
abase negative
abasement negative
abash negative
abate negative
abdicate negative
aberration negative
abhor negative
abhor negative
abhorrence negative
abhors negative
abidance positive
abide positive
abjure negative
abilities positive
ability positive
abolish negative
abominate negative
abomination negative
abound positive
abrade negative
abscond negative
absence negative
absentee negative
absolve positive
absurdity negative
absurdness negative
abundance positive
abuse negative
abuse negative
abuses negative
abyss negative
accede positive
accentuate neutral
accept positive
acceptance positive
acclaim positive
acclaim positive
acclamation positive
accolade positive
accolades positive
accomplish positive
accomplishment positive
accomplishments positive
accord positive
accordance positive
accost negative
accusation negative
accusations negative
accuse negative
acerbate negative
ache negative
achieve positive
acknowledge positive
acknowledgement positive
acquit positive
acridness negative
acrimony negative
activist neutral
acumen positive
adaptability positive
addict negative
addiction negative
adherence positive
adhesion positive
admirer positive
admiration positive
admire positive
admission positive
admit positive
admittedly positive
admonish negative
admonisher negative
admonishingly negative
admonishment negative
admonition negative
adolescents neutral
adore positive
adorer positive
adorer positive
adulate positive
adulation positive
adulterate negative
adulteration negative
advantage positive
advantages positive
adventure positive
adventuresome positive
adventurism positive
adversary negative
adversity negative
advice positive
advisable positive
advocate positive
advocacy positive
affability positive
affect neutral
affectation negative
affection positive
affinity positive
affirm positive
affirmation positive
affirmative positive
afflict negative
affliction negative
affluence positive
afford positive
affront negative
affront negative
aggravate negative
aggravation negative
aggression negative
aggressive negative
aggressiveness negative
aggressor negative
aggrieve negative
agility positive
agitate negative
agitation negative
agitator negative
agonies negative
agonize negative
agonizing negative
agony negative
agree positive
agreeability positive
agreeable positive
agreeableness positive
agreeably positive
agreement positive
aha neutral
ail negative
ail negative
ailment negative
air neutral
airs negative
alarm negative
alas negative
alienate negative
alienation negative
all-time neutral
allay positive
allegations negative
allegorize neutral
alleviate positive
alliances neutral
allow positive
allure positive
allure positive
allusion neutral
ally positive
altercation negative
although negative
altruist positive
amaze positive
amazement positive
amazing positive
ambiguity negative
ambitious positive
ambitiously positive
ambivalence negative
ambivalent negative
ambush negative
ambush negative
ameliorate positive
amenity positive
amiability positive
amicability positive
amity positive
amnesty positive
amour positive
amplify neutral
amputate negative
amuse positive
amusement positive
amusing positive
amusingly positive
anarchism negative
anarchist negative
anarchy negative
angel positive
anger negative
anger negative
angrily negative
angriness negative
anguish negative
anguish negative
annihilate negative
annihilation negative
animosity negative
annoy negative
annoyance negative
annoying negative
anomaly negative
antagonism negative
antagonist negative
antagonize negative
anti- negative
anti-American negative
anti-Israeli negative
anti-Semites negative
anti-US negative
anti-occupation negative
anti-proliferation negative
anti-white negative
antipathy negative
antithetical negative
anxieties negative
anxiety negative
anxiousness negative
anyhow neutral
anyway neutral
anyways neutral
apathetic negative
apathy negative
ape negative
apocalypse negative
apologist negative
apologists negative
apostle positive
apotheosis positive
appal negative
appall negative
appall negative
apparent neutral
apparently neutral
appeal positive
appeal positive
appear neutral
appearance neutral
appease positive
applaud positive
appreciate positive
appreciation positive
appreciatively positive
appreciativeness positive
apprehend neutral
apprehension negative
apprehensions negative
apprehensive negative
apprehensively negative
approval positive
approve positive
aptitude positive
ardor positive
argue negative
argument negative
argumentative negative
arguments negative
arousal positive
arouse positive
arousing positive
arrogance negative
arrogant negative
arrogantly negative
ascendant positive
ascertainable positive
asinininity negative
asperse negative
aspersion negative
aspersions negative
aspiration positive
aspirations positive
aspire positive
assail negative
assassinate negative
assassin negative
assault negative
assent positive
assertions positive
assess neutral
assessment neutral
assessments neutral
asset positive
assuage positive
assumption neutral
assurance positive
assurances positive
assure positive
astonish positive
astonishing positive
astonishment positive
astound positive
astounding positive
asylum positive
atrocities negative
atrocity negative
atrophy negative
attack negative
attack negative
attain positive
attest positive
attitude neutral
attitudes neutral
attraction positive
attractive positive
attractively positive
audaciousness negative
audacity negative
autocrat negative
award positive
awareness neutral
autocratic negative
avalanche negative
avarice negative
avenge negative
aver positive
aversion negative
avoid negative
avoidance negative
awe positive
awe positive
awesome positive
awesomeness positive
awfulness negative
awfulness negative
awkwardness negative
ax negative
babble negative
baby neutral
back positive
backbite negative
backbone positive
backwardness negative
baffle negative
bafflement negative
bait negative
balk negative
banal negative
banalize negative
bane negative
banish negative
banishment negative
bankrupt negative
bar negative
barbarian negative
barbarity negative
barbarous negative
barely negative
bargain positive
bask positive
bastard negative
bastard negative
batons neutral
battering negative
battle negative
battle-lines negative
battlefield negative
battleground negative
beacon positive
beast negative
beatify positive
beautiful positive
beautify positive
beauty positive
bedlam negative
bedlamite negative
befit positive
befoul negative
befriend positive
beg negative
beggar negative
begging negative
beguile negative
belabor negative
beleaguer negative
belie negative
belief neutral
beliefs neutral
believe neutral
belittle negative
belittling negative
bellicose negative
belligerence negative
belligerent negative
bemoan negative
benefactor positive
beneficial positive
beneficially positive
beneficiary positive
benefit positive
benefits positive
benevolence positive
berate negative
bereave negative
bereavement negative
beseech negative
besides neutral
besiege negative
besmirch negative
best positive
betray negative
betrayal negative
betrayals negative
betrayer negative
better positive
bewail negative
beware negative
bewilder negative
bewilderment negative
bewitch negative
bias negative
bias negative
biased negative
biases negative
bicker negative
bitch negative
bitterness negative
blab negative
blabber negative
blackmail negative
blah negative
blame negative
blame negative
blandish negative
blaspheme negative
blasphemous negative
blasphemy negative
blast negative
blasted negative
blather negative
bleakness negative
bleed negative
blemish negative
blemish negative
bless positive
blessing positive
blinding negative
blindside negative
bliss positive
blister negative
block negative
block negative
blood negative
bloodshed negative
bloom positive
blossom positive
blow negative
blunder negative
blur negative
blurt negative
boast positive
boast negative
boggle negative
boil negative
boldness positive
bolster positive
bombard negative
bomb negative
bombardment negative
bondage negative
bonkers negative
bonus positive
boom positive
boost positive
bore negative
boredom negative
boring negative
botch negative
bother negative
bother negative
bowdlerize negative
boycott negative
brag both
brag both
braggart negative
braggart negative
bragger negative
bragger negative
brains positive
brainwash negative
brashness negative
brat negative
bravado negative
brave positive
bravery positive
brazenness negative
brazenness negative
breach negative
break negative
break-point negative
breakdown negative
breakthrough positive
breakthroughs positive
breathlessness positive
brighten positive
brightness positive
brilliance positive
brilliant positive
brimstone negative
bristle negative
brood negative
brook positive
browbeat negative
bruise negative
brutalising negative
brutalities negative
brutality negative
brutalize negative
brute negative
bug negative
buckle negative
bull positive
bullies negative
bullish positive
bully negative
bum negative
bungle negative
bungler negative
bunk negative
burden negative
burdensome negative
burdensomely negative
burn negative
busybody negative
butcher negative
butchery negative
cackle negative
cajole negative
calamities negative
calamity negative
calamity negative
calm positive
calming positive
calmness positive
calumniate negative
calumniation negative
calumnies negative
calumny negative
cancer negative
candor positive
cannibal negative
cannibalize negative
capability positive
capitalize positive
capitulate negative
capriciousness negative
capsize negative
captivate positive
captivation positive
care positive
carelessness negative
caricature negative
carnage negative
carp negative
cartoon negative
cartoonish negative
castigate negative
casualty negative
cataclysm negative
catalyst positive
catastrophe negative
catastrophe negative
catastrophes negative
catastrophic negative
cave negative
celebrate positive
celebration positive
celebratory positive
celebrity positive
censure negative
censure negative
certain neutral
chafe negative
chaff negative
chagrin negative
chagrin negative
challenge negative
challenge negative
champion positive
champ positive
champion positive
chant neutral
chaos negative
charisma negative
charitable positive
charity positive
charm positive
charm positive
chasten negative
chastise negative
chastisement negative
chatter negative
chatterbox negative
cheapen negative
cheat negative
cheat negative
cheater negative
cheer positive
cheer positive
cherish positive
cherub positive
chide negative
chill negative
chit negative
chivalry positive
choke negative
chore negative
chum positive
civility positive
civilization positive
civilize positive
claim neutral
clamor negative
clash negative
classic positive
cleanliness positive
clear positive
clearer positive
clique negative
clog negative
closeness positive
cloud negative
clout positive
co-operation positive
coax positive
coddle positive
coerce negative
coercion negative
cogitate neutral
cognizance neutral
cognizant neutral
cohere positive
coherence positive
cohesion positive
collapse negative
collide negative
collude negative
collusion negative
comeback positive
comedy negative
comfort positive
comfortable positive
commend positive
commonsense positive
comment neutral
commentator neutral
commiserate negative
commitment positive
commotion negative
compassion positive
compatible positive
compel negative
compelling positive
compensate positive
competence positive
competency positive
competitive positive
complacent negative
complain negative
complaining negative
complaint negative
complaints negative
complement positive
complement positive
completely neutral
compliant positive
complicate negative
complication negative
compliment positive
comprehend neutral
compromise positive
compromise positive
compromises positive
compulsion negative
comrades positive
concede negative
conceit negative
conceivable positive
concern negative
concern negative
concerned negative
concerning neutral
concerns negative
concession negative
concessions negative
conciliate positive
concur positive
condescend negative
condescension negative
condemn negative
condemn negative
condemnation negative
condolence negative
condolences negative
condone positive
conducive positive
confer positive
confess negative
confession negative
confessions negative
confide neutral
confidence positive
conflict negative
confound negative
confound negative
confounded negative
confounding negative
confront negative
confrontation negative
confuse negative
confused negative
confusing negative
confusion negative
confute positive
congestion negative
congratulate positive
congratulations positive
congratulatory positive
conjecture neutral
conquer positive
conscience positive
consciousness neutral
consensus positive
consent positive
consequently neutral
consider neutral
consideration neutral
console positive
conspicuous negative
conspicuously negative
conspiracies negative
conspiracy negative
conspirator negative
conspire negative
constancy positive
consternation negative
constitutions neutral
constrain negative
constraint negative
constructive positive
consume negative
contaminate negative
contamination negative
contemplate neutral
contempt negative
contend negative
content positive
contention negative
contentment positive
contentious negative
continuity positive
contort negative
contortions negative
contradict negative
contradiction negative
contravene negative
contribution positive
contrive negative
controversial negative
controversy negative
conveniently positive
conviction positive
convince positive
convincing positive
cooperate positive
cooperation positive
coping negative
cornerstone positive
correct positive
correctly positive
corrode negative
corrosion negative
corrupt negative
corruption negative
could neutral
coupists negative
courage positive
courageousness positive
court positive
courtesy positive
covenant positive
covet both
cow negative
coward negative
crackdown negative
crave positive
craven negative
craving positive
craze negative
craziness negative
credence positive
crime negative
criminal negative
cringe negative
cripple negative
crisis negative
critic negative
critical negative
criticism negative
criticisms negative
criticize negative
critics negative
crook negative
cruelties negative
cruelty negative
crumble negative
crumple negative
crusade positive
crusader positive
crush negative
cry negative
cuplrit negative
cure-all positive
curious positive
curiously positive
curse negative
curse negative
curses negative
cuss negative
cut negative
cynicism negative
damage negative
damn negative
damn negative
dance positive
dance positive
danger negative
dangerousness negative
dangle negative
dare positive
darken negative
darkness negative
darling positive
darn negative
dash negative
dastard negative
dastardly negative
daunt negative
dawdle negative
dawn positive
daydream positive
daydreamer positive
daze negative
dazzle positive
deadlock negative
deadlock negative
deal positive
dearth negative
death negative
debacle negative
debase negative
debasement negative
debaser negative
debate negative
debauch negative
debaucher negative
debauchery negative
debilitate negative
debility negative
decadence negative
decay negative
decay negative
deceit negative
deceive negative
deceiver negative
deceivers negative
decency positive
deception negative
deceptive negative
decide neutral
decisiveness positive
declaim negative
decline negative
decline negative
decrease negative
decrease negative
decrement negative
decrepitude negative
decry negative
deduce neutral
deep negative
deepening negative
defamation negative
defamations negative
defame negative
defeat negative
defeat negative
defect negative
defend positive
defender positive
deference positive
defense positive
defiance negative
deficiency negative
defile negative
defiler negative
definitely positive
definitive positive
deform negative
defrauding negative
defy negative
degenerate negative
degeneration negative
degradation negative
degrade negative
dehumanization negative
dehumanize negative
deign negative
deject negative
dejection negative
delicacy positive
delight positive
delight positive
delightfulness positive
delinquency negative
delirium negative
delude negative
deluge negative
delusion negative
delusional negative
delusions negative
demand both
demands both
demean negative
demise negative
demolish negative
demolisher negative
demon negative
demonize negative
demonize negative
demoralize negative
demystify positive
denial negative
denigrate negative
deny negative
denounce negative
denunciate negative
denunciation negative
denunciations negative
dependent neutral
deplete negative
deplorable negative
deplore negative
deprave negative
deprecate negative
depress negative
depressingly negative
depression negative
deprive negative
deride negative
derision negative
desecrate negative
deserve positive
desert negative
desertion negative
desire positive
desire positive
desolation negative
despair negative
despair negative
desperately negative
desperation negative
despicably negative
despise negative
despoil negative
despoiler negative
despondence negative
despondency negative
despot negative
despotism negative
destabilisation negative
destine positive
destinies positive
destiny positive
destiny neutral
destitution negative
destroy negative
destroyer negative
destruction negative
deter negative
deteriorating negative
deterioration negative
determination positive
detest negative
detract negative
detraction negative
detriment negative
devastate negative
devastation negative
deviate negative
deviate negative
deviation negative
devil negative
devilment negative
devilry negative
deviousness negative
devote positive
devotee positive
devotion positive
dexterity positive
dictator negative
differ negative
difference neutral
difficulties negative
difficulty negative
diffidence negative
dig negative
dig positive
dignify positive
dignity positive
digress negative
dilemma negative
diligence positive
dilly-dally negative
dim negative
diminish negative
din negative
diplomacy neutral
diplomatic positive
direness negative
dirt negative
dirty negative
disable negative
disaccord negative
disadvantage negative
disadvantageous negative
disaffect negative
disaffirm negative
disagree negative
disagreeable negative
disagreeably negative
disagreement negative
disallow negative
disappoint negative
disappointingly negative
disappointment negative
disapprobation negative
disapproval negative
disapprove negative
disarm negative
disarray negative
disaster negative
disavow negative
disavowal negative
disbelief negative
disbelieve negative
disbeliever negative
discern neutral
disclaim negative
discombobulate negative
discomfit negative
discomfititure negative
discomfort negative
discompose negative
disconcert negative
disconsolation negative
discontent negative
discontinuity negative
discord negative
discordance negative
discountenance negative
discourage negative
discouragement negative
discredit negative
discreet positive
discretion positive
discriminate negative
discrimination negative
disdain negative
disdain negative
disease negative
disfavor negative
disgrace negative
disgrace negative
disgruntle negative
disgust negative
disgust negative
dishearten negative
dishonest negative
dishonesty negative
dishonor negative
dishonor negative
disillusion negative
disillusion negative
disinclination negative
disintegrate negative
disintegration negative
disinterest negative
dislike negative
disloyal negative
dismalness negative
dismay negative
dismay negative
dismissive negative
disobedience negative
disobey negative
disown negative
disorder negative
disorder negative
disorient negative
disown negative
disparage negative
dispirit negative
dispiriting negative
displace negative
displease negative
displeasure negative
disposition neutral
disprove negative
dispute negative
dispute negative
disquiet negative
disquietude negative
disregard negative
disrepute negative
disrespect negative
disrespectablity negative
disrespectfulness negative
disrespecting negative
disrupt negative
disruption negative
dissatisfaction negative
dissatisfy negative
dissatisfying negative
dissemble negative
dissembler negative
dissension negative
dissent negative
dissenter negative
dissention negative
disservice negative
dissidence negative
dissident negative
dissidents negative
dissolution negative
dissonance negative
dissuade negative
distaste negative
distinction positive
distinctive positive
distinguish positive
distort negative
distortion negative
distract negative
distraction negative
distraughtness negative
distress negative
distrust negative
disturb negative
disturbed-let negative
disunity negative
disvalue negative
divide negative
divine positive
division negative
divisiveness negative
divorce negative
divorce negative
dodge positive
doldrums negative
dominance negative
dominant neutral
dominate negative
domination negative
domineer negative
domineering negative
doom negative
doomsday negative
dope negative
dote positive
doubt negative
doubt negative
doubts negative
down negative
downer negative
downfall negative
downfallen negative
downgrade negative
downside negative
dragon negative
dragons negative
dragoon negative
drain negative
drama negative
dread negative
dreadfulness negative
dream positive
dream positive
dreamland positive
dreams positive
drive positive
drones negative
droop negative
drought negative
drunkard negative
dullard negative
dumb negative
dumbfound negative
dummy negative
dump negative
dunce negative
dungeon negative
dungeons negative
dupe negative
durability positive
duty neutral
dwindle negative
eagerness positive
ease positive
ease positive
easier positive
easiest positive
easily positive
easiness positive
ebullience positive
eccentricity negative
ecstasies positive
ecstasy positive
edify positive
effectiveness positive
efficiency positive
effigy negative
effusion positive
effusiveness positive
ego negative
egomania negative
egotism negative
ejaculate negative
elan positive
elate positive
elation positive
election-rigger negative
electrification positive
electrify positive
elegance positive
elevate positive
eliminate negative
elimination negative
eloquence positive
else neutral
emancipate positive
emasculate negative
embarrass negative
embarrassment negative
embellish positive
embodiment neutral
embolden positive
embrace positive
embroil negative
embroilment negative
eminence positive
emotion neutral
emotions neutral
empathize negative
empathy negative
emphasise neutral
empower positive
empowerment positive
emptiness negative
enable positive
enchant positive
encourage positive
encouragement positive
encouraging positive
encroach negative
encroachment negative
endanger negative
endear positive
endorse positive
endorsement positive
endorser positive
endure positive
enemies negative
enemy negative
energetic positive
energize positive
enervate negative
enfeeble negative
enflame negative
engage neutral
engross neutral
engulf negative
enhance positive
enhancement positive
enjoin negative
enjoy positive
enjoyment positive
enlighten positive
enlightenment positive
enliven positive
enmity negative
ennoble positive
enormities negative
enormity negative
enough neutral
enrage negative
enrapture positive
enraptured positive
enrich positive
enrichment positive
enslave negative
ensure positive
entangle negative
entanglement negative
entertain positive
enthral positive
enthrall positive
enthralled positive
enthuse positive
enthusiasm positive
enthusiast positive
entice positive
entrance positive
entranced positive
entrap negative
entrapment negative
entreat positive
entrenchment neutral
entrust positive
enviousness negative
envision positive
envisions positive
envy negative
envy negative
epitome positive
equality positive
eradicate negative
erase negative
erode negative
erosion negative
err negative
erroneous negative
error negative
escapade negative
eschew negative
esteem positive
esteem positive
eternity positive
eulogize positive
euphoria positive
evaluate neutral
evaluation neutral
evade negative
evasion negative
evident positive
evidently positive
evil negative
evildoer negative
evils negative
eviscerate negative
exacerbate negative
exaggerate negative
exaggeration negative
exalt positive
exaltation positive
exasperate negative
exasperation negative
exasperatingly negative
exceed positive
excel positive
excellence positive
excellency positive
excite positive
excitedness positive
excitement positive
exclaim negative
exclude negative
exclusion negative
excoriate negative
excusable positive
excuse negative
excuse positive
excuses negative
execrate negative
exemplar positive
exhaust negative
exhaustion negative
exhilarate positive
exhilaration positive
exhort negative
exile negative
exonerate positive
exorbitantance negative
expectation neutral
expediencies negative
expel negative
expensive negative
expire negative
explode negative
exploit negative
exploitation negative
expose negative
expound neutral
expression neutral
expressions neutral
expropriate negative
expropriation negative
expulse negative
expunge negative
extemporize neutral
extensively neutral
exterminate negative
extermination negative
extinguish negative
extol positive
extoll positive
extort negative
extortion negative
extravagance negative
extremism negative
extremists negative
exuberance positive
exult positive
exultation positive
eyebrows neutral
fabricate negative
fabrication negative
facilitate positive
fail negative
failing negative
failure negative
failures negative
fair positive
fairness positive
faith positive
faithful positive
faithfulness positive
fall negative
fallacies negative
fallaciousness negative
fallacy negative
fallout negative
falsehood negative
falsify negative
falter negative
familiar neutral
fame positive
famine negative
fanatic negative
fanaticism negative
fanatics negative
fancy positive
fanfare positive
fantasy positive
farce negative
fascinate positive
fascism negative
fathom positive
fatigue negative
fatuity negative
fault negative
favor positive
favor positive
favorable positive
fawn both
favour positive
faze negative
fear negative
fear negative
fears negative
feat positive
feeling neutral
feelings neutral
feign negative
feint negative
feisty positive
felicitate positive
felicity positive
felon negative
ferocity negative
fertile positive
fervor positive
fever negative
fiasco negative
fiat negative
fib negative
fib negative
fibber negative
fiction negative
fidelity positive
fidget negative
fiend negative
fight negative
figurehead negative
filth negative
finagle negative
finally neutral
fine negative
firm neutral
fissures negative
fist negative
fixer neutral
flabbergast negative
flair positive
flak negative
flake negative
flame positive
flash negative
flashy negative
flatter positive
flaunt negative
flaw negative
flaws negative
flawed negative
fleer negative
flimflam negative
flirt negative
flirty negative
floor neutral
floored negative
flounder negative
flout negative
fluster negative
foe negative
fondness positive
fool negative
foolish negative
foolishness negative
forbidding negative
force negative
forsee neutral
foresight positive
foretell neutral
forfeit negative
forget negative
forgetfulness negative
forgive positive
forgiveness positive
forsake negative
forswear negative
fortitude positive
fortress neutral
fortunate positive
fortunately positive
fortune positive
foul negative
foulness negative
fracture negative
fracture negative
fragile negative
fraternize negative
fraud negative
fraught negative
freak negative
freak negative
freakish negative
frazzle negative
frazzle negative
freedom positive
freedoms positive
frenzy negative
fret negative
friction negative
frictions negative
friend positive
friendliness positive
friends positive
friendship positive
fright negative
fright negative
frighten negative
frolic positive
frown negative
fumble negative
fun negative
frustrate negative
frustration negative
fudge negative
fudge negative
fulfillment positive
fulminate negative
fume negative
fundamentalism negative
funny positive
furor negative
further neutral
furthermore neutral
fury negative
fuss negative
fuss negative
fustigate negative
futility negative
gabble negative
gaff negative
gaffe negative
gaiety positive
gain positive
gain positive
gainsay negative
gainsayer negative
gaggle negative
gall negative
galvanize neutral
gamble negative
gamble negative
gape negative
garbage negative
gasp negative
gawk negative
geezer negative
gem positive
gems positive
generosity positive
genius positive
genocide negative
gestures neutral
get-rich negative
ghetto negative
giant neutral
giants neutral
gibber negative
gibe negative
gladden positive
gladness positive
glare negative
glare negative
glean neutral
glee positive
glimmer positive
glimmer positive
glisten positive
glitch negative
glitter positive
gloat both
gloom negative
glorify positive
glory positive
glory positive
gloss negative
glow positive
glower negative
glowing positive
glut negative
go-ahead positive
goad negative
gold positive
goodness positive
goodwill positive
goof negative
goof negative
gossip negative
gossip negative
grace positive
graciousness positive
graft negative
grail positive
grandeur positive
grapple negative
grate negative
gratification positive
gratify positive
gratitude positive
gratuitous negative
gratuitously negative
greatness positive
greed negative
greet positive
grief negative
grievance negative
grievances negative
grieve negative
grill negative
grimace negative
grin positive
grind negative
gripe negative
gripe negative
grit positive
groove positive
grouch negative
groundbreaking positive
grouse negative
growl negative
grudge negative
grudges negative
grudgingly negative
grumble negative
guarantee positive
guarantee positive
guardian positive
guidance positive
guile negative
guilt negative
gush positive
gumption positive
gusto positive
haggle negative
hail positive
halfway neutral
hallucinate negative
hallucination negative
hamper negative
hanker positive
happiness positive
harass negative
harassment negative
harboring negative
harbors negative
hard-liner negative
hardball negative
harden negative
hardier positive
hardliner negative
hardliners negative
hardship negative
hardships negative
harm negative
harmoniously positive
harmonize positive
harmony positive
harms negative
harpy negative
harridan negative
harrow negative
harshly negative
hassle negative
haste negative
hate negative
hater negative
hatefulness negative
hatred negative
haunt negative
haven positive
havoc negative
hawkish negative
hazard negative
hazard negative
headache negative
headaches negative
headway positive
heal positive
healthy positive
heartbreak negative
heartbreaker negative
hearten positive
heathen negative
heaven positive
heck negative
heckle negative
hedge negative
hegemonism negative
hegemony negative
hegemony negative
hell negative
hellion negative
help positive
help positive
helplessness negative
herald positive
heresy negative
heretic negative
hero positive
heroic positive
heroine positive
heroize positive
heros positive
hideousness negative
highlight positive
highlight positive
hilariousness positive
hilarity positive
hinder negative
hindrance negative
hm neutral
hmm neutral
hoard negative
hoax negative
hobble negative
hole negative
homage positive
honest positive
honesty positive
honeymoon positive
honor positive
honor positive
hoodwink negative
hope positive
hope positive
hopefulness positive
hopelessness negative
hopes positive
horde negative
horrible negative
horrify negative
horror negative
horrors negative
hostage negative
hostile negative
hostilities negative
hostility negative
hothead negative
hotbeds negative
hothouse negative
hubris negative
huckster negative
hug positive
humane positive
humanists positive
humanity positive
humankind positive
humble positive
humiliate negative
humiliation negative
humility positive
humor positive
humour positive
hunger negative
hurt negative
hustler negative
hypnotize neutral
hypocrisy negative
hypocrite negative
hypocrites negative
hypocritically negative
hysteria negative
hysterics negative
idea neutral
ideal positive
idealism positive
idealist positive
idealize positive
ideally positive
idol positive
idolize positive
idyllic positive
ignite neutral
ignominy negative
ignore negative
ignorance negative
ignorant negative
ill negative
ill-treatment negative
ill-usage negative
illness negative
illogic negative
illuminate positive
illuminati positive
illumine positive
illusion negative
illusions negative
imagination neutral
imagine neutral
imbalance negative
imbroglio negative
immensity neutral
immensurable neutral
imminence negative
immorality negative
impair negative
impartiality positive
impasse negative
impatience negative
impeach negative
impede negative
impedance negative
impediment negative
impel positive
impending negative
imperialist negative
imperil negative
impetus positive
impiety negative
impinge negative
implicate negative
implication negative
implode negative
implore both
imploringly both
imply neutral
importance positive
importune negative
impose negative
imposers negative
imposing negative
imposition negative
impossiblity negative
impotent negative
impoverish negative
impractical negative
imprecate negative
impress positive
impression positive
impressions positive
impressiveness positive
imprison negative
imprisonment negative
improbability negative
impropriety negative
improve positive
improvement positive
improvise positive
imprudence negative
impudence negative
impugn negative
impunity negative
impurity negative
inability negative
inaccuracy negative
inaccuracies negative
inaction negative
inadequacy negative
inaptitude negative
incense negative
incisiveness positive
incite negative
incitement negative
incivility negative
inclination positive
incoherence negative
incompatibility negative
incompatible negative
incompetence negative
incomprehension negative
inconsistence negative
inconsistencies negative
inconsistency negative
inconvenience negative
inculcate negative
indecency negative
indecision negative
indecorum negative
indeed neutral
indefensible negative
independence positive
indication neutral
indicative neutral
indifference negative
indignation negative
indignity negative
indiscreet negative
indiscretion negative
indispensability positive
individuality positive
indoctrinate negative
indoctrination negative
indulge negative
indulgence positive
ineffectiveness negative
ineffectualness negative
inefficacious negative
inefficacy negative
inefficiency negative
inelegance negative
ineptitude negative
ineptitude negative
inequalities negative
inequality negative
inequities negative
inertia negative
inevitable negative
inexperience negative
infallibility positive
infamy negative
infer neutral
inference neutral
inferiority negative
infest negative
infidel negative
infidels negative
infiltrator negative
infiltrators negative
inflame negative
inflict negative
influence neutral
infraction negative
infringe negative
infringement negative
infringements negative
infuriate negative
ingenuity positive
ingrate negative
ingratiate positive
ingratitude negative
inherent neutral
inhibit negative
inhibition negative
inhospitality negative
inhumanity negative
iniquity negative
injure negative
injury negative
injustice negative
injustices negative
inklings neutral
innocence positive
innocuous positive
innovation positive
innuendo negative
insanity negative
insecurity negative
insensitivity negative
insight positive
insignificance negative
insincerity negative
insinuate negative
insinuation negative
insist positive
insistence positive
isolation negative
insolence negative
insouciance negative
inspiration positive
inspire positive
instability negative
instigate negative
instigator negative
instigators negative
insufficiency negative
insult negative
insult negative
insurrection negative
integrity positive
intelligence positive
intend neutral
intense neutral
intent neutral
intention neutral
intentions neutral
intents neutral
intercede positive
interest positive
interest positive
interests positive
interfere negative
interference negative
interrupt negative
interruption negative
intimacy positive
intimate neutral
intimidate negative
intimidation negative
intolerance negative
intoxicate negative
intransigence negative
intrigue positive
intrigue neutral
intrude negative
intrusion negative
inundate negative
invader negative
invalidate negative
invalidity negative
inveigle negative
invidiousness negative
invigorate positive
ire negative
irk negative
ironies negative
irrationality negative
irregularity negative
irrelevance negative
irreverence negative
irreversible negative
irritant negative
irritate negative
irritation negative
isolate negative
isolation negative
itch negative
jabber negative
jam negative
jar negative
jealousness negative
jealousy negative
jeer negative
jeer negative
jeering negative
jeeringly negative
jeers negative
jeopardize negative
jeopardy negative
jerk negative
jest positive
joke positive
joke positive
joker negative
jollify positive
jolly positive
jolt negative
joy positive
jubilate positive
jubilation positive
judgement neutral
judgements neutral
judgment neutral
judgments neutral
junk negative
just positive
justice positive
justifiably positive
justification positive
justify positive
keen negative
keen negative
keenness positive
kick negative
kid positive
kill negative
killer negative
killer negative
killjoy negative
kindliness positive
kindness positive
kingmaker positive
kiss positive
kiss positive
knave negative
knife negative
knock negative
knock negative
knowledge neutral
kook negative
lack negative
lackey negative
lackeys negative
lackluster negative
lag negative
lambast negative
lambaste negative
lament negative
languish negative
languor negative
lapse negative
lark positive
last-ditch negative
lastly neutral
laud positive
laugh negative
laugh negative
laughingstock negative
laughter negative
lavish positive
lawlessness negative
lax negative
leak negative
leakage negative
lean positive
learning positive
learned positive
lech negative
lecher negative
lecher negative
lechery negative
lecture negative
lecture negative
leech negative
leech negative
leer negative
leer negative
legacy neutral
legacies neutral
legalistic neutral
legitimacy positive
lessen negative
letch negative
lethargy negative
leverage positive
leverage positive
levity positive
lewdness negative
liability negative
liar negative
liars negative
liberation positive
liberalism positive
liberate positive
liberty positive
licentiousness negative
lie negative
lier negative
lies negative
lifeblood positive
light positive
lighten positive
like positive
likelihood neutral
likely neutral
liking positive
likewise neutral
limit negative
limitation negative
limitless neutral
loathe negative
lone negative
loneliness negative
long negative
longing negative
look neutral
looking neutral
loophole negative
loopholes negative
losing negative
lose negative
loser negative
loss negative
love positive
love positive
loveliness positive
lover positive
lovely positive
loyalty positive
luck positive
luckier positive
luckiest positive
luckiness positive
lucky positive
lucrative positive
lull negative
lunatic negative
lunaticism negative
lurch negative
lure negative
lurk negative
lust both
lure negative
luster positive
luxuriate positive
luxury positive
madden negative
madder negative
madman negative
madness negative
majesty positive
maladjustment negative
malady negative
malaise negative
malcontent negative
maledict negative
maledict negative
malevolence negative
malice negative
maliciousness negative
malign negative
maltreatment negative
maneuver negative
mangle negative
mania negative
maniac negative
manipulate negative
manipulation negative
manipulators negative
mantra neutral
mar negative
mar negative
martyrdom negative
marvel positive
marvel positive
marvelous positive
marvelousness positive
marvels positive
massacre negative
massacre negative
massacres negative
master positive
masterpiece positive
masterpieces positive
masters positive
mastery positive
matter neutral
maturity positive
maxi-devaluation negative
maximize positive
maybe neutral
mean neutral
meanness negative
meddle negative
meddlesome negative
mediocrity negative
memorialize positive
memories neutral
menace negative
menace negative
mend positive
mendacity negative
mentality neutral
mentor positive
merciful positive
mercy positive
mere negative
merely negative
merit positive
merit positive
merriment positive
merriness positive
mesmerize positive
mess negative
metaphorize neutral
midget negative
miff negative
might neutral
might positive
militancy negative
mind negative
minister positive
miracle positive
miracles positive
miraculousness positive
mirage negative
mire negative
mire negative
mirth positive
misapprehend negative
misbecome negative
misbehave negative
misbehavior negative
miscalculate negative
miscalculation negative
mischief negative
misconceptions negative
miscreant negative
miscreants negative
misdirection negative
miser negative
miserableness negative
miseries negative
misery negative
misfit negative
misfortune negative
misgiving negative
misgivings negative
misguidance negative
misguide negative
mishandle negative
mishap negative
misinform negative
misinterpret negative
misjudge negative
misjudgment negative
mislead negative
mislead negative
misleadingly negative
mislike negative
mismanage negative
misread negative
misreading negative
misrepresent negative
misrepresentation negative
miss negative
misstatement negative
mistake negative
mistaken negative
mistakes negative
mistrust negative
mistrustful negative
mistrustfully negative
misunderstanding negative
misunderstandings negative
misuse negative
moan negative
mock negative
mockeries negative
mockery negative
moderation positive
modesty positive
molest negative
molestation negative
mollify positive
monotony negative
monster negative
monstrosities negative
monstrosity negative
moon negative
mope negative
moral positive
morality positive
moralize positive
moreover neutral
mortification negative
mortify negative
motivate positive
motivation positive
motive neutral
mourn negative
mourner negative
move neutral
much neutral
muddle negative
mudslinger negative
mudslinging negative
multi-polarization negative
murder negative
murder negative
must neutral
myriad positive
mystery negative
mystify negative
myth negative
nag negative
nagging negative
nap neutral
narrower negative
nastiness negative
nationalism negative
nature neutral
nauseate negative
nebulous negative
need negative
need neutral
needful neutral
needfully neutral
needs neutral
negate negative
negation negative
neglect negative
neglect negative
negligence negative
nemesis negative
nettle negative
nevertheless neutral
nervousness negative
neutralize positive
nicely positive
niggle negative
nightmare negative
nix negative
non-confidence negative
non-violence positive
notable positive
notably positive
noteworthy positive
notion neutral
nourish positive
nourishment positive
nuance neutral
nuances neutral
nuisance negative
numb negative
nurture positive
nurturing positive
oasis positive
obedience positive
obey positive
obese negative
object negative
objection negative
objections negative
obligation neutral
obliged positive
obliterate negative
oblivious negative
obscenity negative
obscure negative
obscurity negative
obsess negative
obsession negative
obsessions negative
obsessiveness negative
obstacle negative
obstruct negative
obstruction negative
obviate positive
obvious neutral
obvious neutral
odd negative
odder negative
oddest negative
oddities negative
oddity negative
offence negative
offend negative
offenses negative
offensive negative
offensive negative
offensiveness negative
offset positive
oh neutral
okay positive
omission negative
omit negative
onslaught negative
onward positive
openness positive
opinion neutral
opinions neutral
opponent negative
opportunity positive
oppose negative
opposition negative
oppositions negative
oppress negative
oppression negative
oppressiveness negative
oppressors negative
optimism positive
ordeal negative
originality positive
orphan negative
orthodoxy neutral
ostracize negative
ought neutral
outbreak negative
outburst negative
outbursts negative
outcast negative
outcry negative
outdo positive
outlaw negative
outlook neutral
outrage negative
outrage negative
outrageous negative
outrageousness negative
outrages negative
outshine positive
outsider negative
outsmart positive
outspoken neutral
outstrip positive
outwit positive
ovation positive
over-valuation negative
overachiever positive
overact negative
overact negative
overawe negative
overbalance negative
overcome negative
overdo negative
overemphasize negative
overkill negative
overlook negative
overplay negative
overpower negative
overreach negative
overrun negative
overshadow negative
oversight negative
oversimplification negative
oversimplify negative
overstate negative
overstatement negative
overthrow negative
overturn negative
overture positive
overtures neutral
overwhelm negative
pacifist positive
pacifists positive
pacify neutral
pain negative
pain negative
pains negative
pale negative
palliate positive
pamper positive
pan negative
pandemonium negative
panic negative
panic negative
paradise positive
paranoia negative
parasite negative
pardon positive
pariah negative
parody negative
partiality negative
partisan negative
partisans negative
passion positive
passive negative
passiveness negative
patience positive
patient positive
patriot positive
patronize negative
paucity negative
pauper negative
paupers negative
payback negative
peace positive
peaceful positive
peacekeepers positive
peculiarly negative
peeve negative
penalize negative
penalty negative
perceptions neutral
perfect positive
perfect positive
perfection positive
perfidity negative
perfunctory negative
perhaps neutral
peril negative
perish negative
perplex negative
perplexity negative
persecute negative
persecution negative
perseverance positive
persevere positive
persistence neutral
persistent positive
personages positive
personality positive
perspective neutral
persuade positive
persuasive positive
pertinacity negative
perturb negative
pervasive negative
perversion negative
perversity negative
pervert negative
pessimism negative
pest negative
petrify negative
pettifog negative
philosophize neutral
phobia negative
piety positive
pillar positive
pillory negative
pinch negative
pinch negative
pine negative
pinnacle positive
pique negative
pithy positive
pittance negative
pity negative
pity negative
placate positive
plagiarize negative
plague negative
plague negative
plainly positive
plausibility positive
player neutral
plaything negative
plead both
plea negative
pleas negative
please positive
pleasingly positive
pleasurable positive
pleasurably positive
pleasure positive
pledge positive
pledge positive
pledges positive
plenty positive
plight negative
plot negative
plotters negative
ploy negative
plunder negative
poeticize positive
point neutral
poise positive
poison negative
polarisation negative
polemize negative
politeness positive
pollute negative
polluter negative
polluters negative
polution negative
ponder neutral
popular positive
popularity positive
position neutral
positiveness positive
possibility neutral
possible neutral
possibly neutral
posterity positive
posture neutral
posturing negative
potential positive
pout negative
poverty negative
power neutral
praise positive
praise positive
praising positive
prate negative
pratfall negative
prattle negative
pray neutral
preach positive
preaching positive
precaution positive
precautions positive
precedent positive
precious positive
precipitate negative
precision positive
predicament negative
prefer positive
preferable positive
preferably positive
preference positive
preferences positive
prejudge negative
prejudice negative
preoccupy negative
preponderance positive
press positive
pressing negative
pressure neutral
pressures neutral
prestige positive
presumably neutral
presume negative
presumptuous negative
pretence negative
pretense negative
prevaricate negative
prickle negative
prickles negative
pride positive
primitive negative
principle positive
prison negative
prisoner negative
privilege positive
prize positive
pro positive
pro-American positive
pro-Beijing positive
pro-Cuba positive
pro-peace positive
proactive positive
problem negative
problematic negative
problems negative
proclaim neutral
procrastinate negative
procrastination negative
prodigy positive
profane negative
profanity negative
profess positive
profit positive
profit positive
profusion positive
prognosticate neutral
progress positive
progress positive
prohibit negative
prominence positive
promise positive
promoter positive
propaganda negative
propagandize negative
prophesy neutral
proportionate neutral
proscription negative
proscriptions negative
prosecute negative
prospect positive
prospects positive
prosper positive
prosperity positive
protect positive
protection positive
protector positive
protest negative
protest negative
protests negative
prove neutral
providence positive
provocation negative
provocative negative
provoke negative
prowess positive
prudence positive
pry negative
pugnacity negative
punch negative
pundits positive
punish negative
punitive negative
puppet negative
puppets negative
purification positive
purify positive
purity positive
puzzle negative
puzzlement negative
quack negative
qualify positive
qualms negative
quandary negative
quarrel negative
quarrel negative
quash negative
quasi-ally positive
quench positive
questionable negative
quibble negative
quicken positive
quit negative
quite neutral
quitter negative
racism negative
racist negative
racists negative
rack negative
radiance positive
radical negative
radicalization negative
rage negative
rage negative
rail negative
rally positive
rampage negative
rancor negative
rankle negative
rant negative
rant negative
rapprochement positive
rapport positive
rapt positive
rapture positive
rapture positive
rapturous positive
rapturously positive
rascal negative
rat negative
rather neutral
rationality positive
rationalize negative
rattle negative
ravage negative
rave positive
re-conquest positive
react neutral
reaction neutral
reactions neutral
readiness neutral
reaffirm positive
reaffirmation positive
realist positive
realization neutral
reason positive
reassurance positive
reassure positive
rebuff negative
rebuke negative
recant negative
recession negative
recklessness negative
reclaim positive
recognition positive
recognizable neutral
recoil negative
recommend positive
recommendation positive
recommendations positive
recompense positive
recompense positive
reconcile positive
reconciliation positive
recourses negative
recover positive
rectification positive
rectify positive
rectifying positive
redeem positive
redemption positive
redundancy negative
reestablish positive
refine positive
refinement positive
reflecting neutral
reform positive
refresh positive
refuge positive
refusal negative
refutation negative
refute negative
regard positive
regard neutral
regress negative
regression negative
regret negative
regret negative
rehabilitate positive
rehabilitation positive
reinforce positive
reinforcement positive
reiterate neutral
reiterated neutral
reiterates neutral
reject negative
rejection negative
rejoice positive
relapse negative
relations neutral
relax positive
relent positive
relentlessness negative
relevance positive
reliability positive
relief positive
relieve positive
relish positive
reluctance negative
remark neutral
remarkable positive
remedy positive
reminiscent positive
remorse negative
remorse negative
remorseful negative
remorselessness negative
remunerate positive
renaissance positive
renewal positive
renovate positive
renovation positive
renounce negative
renown positive
renunciation negative
repair positive
repair positive
reparation positive
repay positive
repel negative
repent positive
repentance positive
reprehensible negative
reprehension negative
repress negative
repression negative
reprimand negative
reproach negative
reproach negative
reprove negative
repudiate negative
repudiation negative
repugn negative
repugnance negative
repulse negative
repulsiveness negative
rescue positive
rescue positive
resent negative
resentment negative
reservations negative
resignation negative
resistance negative
resistant negative
resolve positive
resolve positive
resound positive
resourcefulness positive
respect positive
respect positive
respite positive
responsibility positive
restlessness negative
restoration positive
restore positive
restraint positive
restrict negative
restriction negative
retaliate negative
retard negative
retire negative
retract negative
retreat negative
retreat negative
reunite positive
reveal neutral
revel positive
revel positive
revelation positive
revelatory neutral
revenge negative
revenge negative
revere positive
reverence positive
revert negative
revival positive
revive positive
revile negative
revitalize positive
revoke negative
revolt negative
revolution positive
revulsion negative
reward positive
rhapsodize negative
rhetoric negative
rhetorical negative
riches positive
richness positive
rid negative
ridicule negative
ridicule negative
rift negative
rifts negative
right positive
right positive
righten positive
righteousness positive
rightly positive
rightness positive
rights positive
rigor negative
rile negative
risk negative
rival negative
rival negative
rivalry negative
roadblocks negative
rogue negative
rollercoaster negative
romantic positive
romantically positive
romanticize positive
rot negative
rot negative
rubbish negative
rue negative
ruffian negative
ruffle negative
ruin negative
ruin negative
rumbling negative
rumor negative
rumors negative
rumours negative
rumple negative
rupture negative
rupture negative
ruthlessness negative
sabotage negative
sacrifice negative
sad negative
sadden negative
sadness negative
safeguard positive
sag negative
sagacity positive
saint positive
saintliness positive
salivate positive
salute positive
salvation positive
sanctimonious negative
sanctify positive
sanction positive
sanctity positive
sanctuary positive
sanity positive
sap negative
sarcasm negative
sass negative
sass negative
satirize negative
satisfaction positive
satisfy positive
savage negative
savage negative
savagery negative
savages negative
savor positive
scandal negative
scandalize negative
scandals negative
scapegoat negative
scar negative
scar negative
scarcity negative
scare negative
scars negative
scheme negative
scheme negative
scoff negative
scold negative
scolding negative
scorn negative
scoundrel negative
scourge negative
scowl negative
scowl negative
scream negative
screech negative
screech negative
screw negative
scruples positive
scrutinize neutral
scrutiny neutral
scum negative
secretive negative
security positive
seem neutral
seemingly neutral
seethe negative
self-coup negative
self-criticism negative
self-determination positive
self-examination neutral
self-humiliation negative
self-interest negative
self-respect positive
self-satisfaction positive
self-serving negative
self-sufficiency positive
selfishness negative
semblance positive
sensation positive
sensationalize negative
sensations positive
sense positive
sense positive
sensitive positive
sensitively positive
sensitivity positive
sentiment positive
sentimentality positive
sentimentally positive
serenity positive
seriousness negative
sermonize negative
servitude negative
set-up negative
severity negative
shadow negative
shake negative
shame negative
shame negative
shameful negative
shamefully negative
shamefulness negative
shamelessness negative
shark negative
shatter negative
shelter positive
shelter positive
shield positive
shimmer positive
shimmering positive
shine positive
shirk negative
shipwreck negative
shiver negative
shock negative
shock negative
shortage negative
shortchange negative
shortcoming negative
shortcomings negative
should neutral
show neutral
showdown negative
shred negative
shred negative
shrew negative
shrewdness positive
shriek negative
shrill negative
shrivel negative
shroud negative
shrug negative
shrug negative
shun negative
shyness negative
sicken negative
sickness negative
sidetrack negative
siege negative
signals neutral
significance positive
signify positive
simmer negative
simplicity positive
simplify positive
simplistic negative
simply neutral
sin negative
sincerity positive
sinking negative
skeletons negative
skeptical negative
skepticism negative
skill positive
skillful positive
skittish negative
skulk negative
slander negative
slander negative
slanderer negative
slanders negative
slap negative
slashing negative
slaughter negative
slaughter negative
slaves negative
slight negative
slight negative
slim positive
slime negative
sloth negative
slug negative
slump negative
slur negative
smack negative
smart positive
smash negative
smash negative
smear negative
smelling negative
smile positive
smile positive
smitten positive
smokescreen negative
smolder negative
smother negative
smoulder negative
smut negative
snare negative
snarl negative
snarl negative
snatch negative
sneak negative
sneak negative
sneer negative
sneer negative
snub negative
so neutral
sob negative
sober negative
soften positive
soften positive
solace positive
solemn negative
solicitude positive
solid positive
solidarity positive
soliloquize neutral
soothe positive
sore negative
soreness negative
sorrow negative
sorrow negative
soundness positive
sovereignty neutral
spade negative
spank negative
spare positive
sparkle positive
speculate neutral
speculation neutral
spellbind positive
spellbound positive
spilling negative
spinster negative
spirit positive
spiritual positive
spite negative
spitefulness negative
splayed-finger neutral
splendor positive
split negative
split negative
spoil negative
spook negative
spoon-feed negative
spur positive
spurn negative
sputter negative
squabble negative
squander negative
squash negative
squirm negative
stab negative
stability positive
stabilize positive
stable positive
stagger negative
stagnate negative
stagnation negative
stain negative
stake negative
stalemate negative
stammer negative
stampede negative
stance neutral
stances neutral
stand positive
stands neutral
standstill negative
star positive
stars positive
startle negative
starvation negative
starve negative
statements neutral
staunchness positive
steadfastness positive
steadiness positive
steal negative
stealing negative
stereotype negative
stern negative
stew negative
stifle negative
stigma negative
stigma negative
stigmatize negative
still neutral
stimulate positive
sting negative
sting negative
stink negative
stink negative
stir neutral
stir neutral
stood positive
stooges negative
storm negative
straggle negative
straggler negative
strain negative
strain negative
strange negative
strangely negative
stranger negative
strangest negative
strangle negative
strength neutral
stress negative
stress negative
stride positive
strides positive
strife negative
strike negative
striving positive
struck negative
struggle negative
strut negative
stubbornness negative
stumble negative
stump negative
stun negative
stunt negative
stupefy neutral
stupidity negative
stupify negative
stupor negative
sty negative
subjection negative
subjugate negative
subjugate negative
subjugation negative
subordinate negative
subscribe positive
subservience negative
subside negative
subtract negative
subversion negative
subvert negative
succeed positive
success positive
succumb negative
such neutral
sucker negative
suffer negative
sufferer negative
sufferers negative
suffering negative
suffice positive
suffocate negative
sugar-coat negative
suggest positive
suggestions positive
suicide negative
suit positive
sulk negative
sully negative
sumptuousness positive
sunder negative
superficial negative
superficiality negative
superiority negative
superstition negative
superstitious negative
support positive
support positive
supporter positive
supportive positive
suppose neutral
supposed negative
suppress negative
suppression negative
supremacy negative
surely positive
surge positive
surmise positive
surmount positive
surpass positive
surprise neutral
surprise neutral
surprising neutral
surprisingly neutral
surrender negative
survival positive
survive positive
survivor positive
suspect negative
suspicion negative
suspicions negative
suspicious negative
sustainability positive
sustainable positive
swagger negative
sweeten positive
sweetheart positive
sweetness positive
swiftness positive
swindle negative
swing neutral
swipe negative
swoon negative
sympathetic negative
sympathies negative
sympathize negative
sympathy negative
symptom negative
syndrome negative
taboo negative
tact positive
taint negative
tale neutral
talent positive
tamper negative
tantalize positive
tantrum negative
tarnish negative
taste positive
taste neutral
taunt negative
taunt negative
taunts negative
tease negative
temerity negative
temper negative
temper negative
temperance positive
tempest negative
tempt positive
temptation negative
tempting positive
temptingly positive
tenacity positive
tendency neutral
tenderness positive
tension negative
terrible negative
terribleness negative
terrific positive
terrify positive
terror negative
terror-genic negative
terrorism negative
terrorize negative
thank positive
theoretize neutral
therefore neutral
think neutral
thinkable positive
thinking neutral
thirst negative
thirst negative
thorny negative
thought neutral
thoughtfulness positive
thoughtlessness negative
thrash negative
threat negative
threaten negative
threatening negative
threats negative
thrift positive
thrill positive
thrill positive
thrills positive
thrive positive
throttle negative
throw negative
thumb negative
thumbs negative
thus neutral
thwart negative
tickle positive
timidity negative
timidness negative
tingle positive
tint neutral
tire negative
tiring negative
titillate positive
toast positive
togetherness positive
toil negative
tolerance positive
tolerate positive
toleration positive
toll negative
too negative
topple negative
torment negative
torment negative
torrent negative
torture negative
torture negative
tradition positive
touch neutral
touches neutral
toughness negative
traduce negative
tragedy negative
traitor negative
tramp negative
trample negative
tranquility positive
transgress negative
transgression negative
transparency neutral
transparent neutral
transport neutral
trauma negative
traumatize negative
travesties negative
travesty negative
travesty negative
treachery negative
treason negative
treasure positive
treat positive
tremendously positive
trepidation positive
trial negative
tribute positive
trick negative
tricky negative
trickery negative
triumph positive
triumph positive
triumphant positive
trivial negative
trivialize negative
trouble negative
trouble negative
trouble negative
troublemaker negative
troubling negative
troublingly negative
trump positive
trumpet positive
trust positive
trust positive
trustworthiness positive
truth positive
truthfulness positive
try negative
turmoil negative
twinkly positive
twist negative
twist negative
twists negative
tyranny negative
tyrant negative
ugh negative
ugliness negative
ultimatum negative
ultimatums negative
ultra-hardline negative
unassailable positive
unbosom positive
uncivilized negative
undependability negative
underdog negative
underestimate negative
underlings negative
undermine negative
understand positive
understanding positive
understate positive
unease negative
uneasiness negative
unequal negative
unequivocal positive
unequivocally positive
unexpectedly negative
unfortunately negative
ungovernable negative
unhappiness negative
unilateralism negative
unipolar negative
unity positive
unjustly negative
unlawfulness negative
unleash negative
unlikely negative
unnaturally negative
unnerve negative
unorthodoxy negative
unpleasantries negative
unquestionable positive
unquestionably positive
unravel negative
unreasonable negative
unrelenting negative
unreliability negative
unrest negative
unseemly negative
unsettle negative
unsettling negative
unsteadiness negative
unwillingness negative
upbraid negative
upgrade positive
upheaval negative
uplift positive
upliftingly positive
upliftment positive
uprising negative
uproar negative
uproot negative
upset negative
upsetting negative
upside positive
urge positive
urgency negative
urgent negative
usefulness positive
usurp negative
usurper negative
utterances neutral
vagrant negative
vague negative
vagueness negative
validity positive
valor positive
valuable positive
value positive
values positive
vanish negative
vanity negative
vanquish positive
venerate positive
vengeance negative
vengefulness negative
venom negative
vent negative
versatility positive
very neutral
vestiges negative
veto negative
vex negative
vex negative
vexation negative
viability positive
vice negative
viciousness negative
victimize negative
victory positive
vie negative
view neutral
view neutral
viewpoints neutral
views neutral
vigilance positive
vigilant positive
vileness negative
vilify negative
villains negative
villian negative
villify negative
vindicate positive
vindictiveness negative
violate negative
violation negative
violator negative
viper negative
virtue positive
virulence negative
virus negative
vitality positive
vocal neutral
void negative
volatility negative
vomit negative
vomit negative
vouch positive
vouchsafe positive
vow positive
vulnerable positive
wail negative
wallow negative
wane negative
waning negative
want positive
war negative
war-like negative
warfare negative
warmth positive
warning negative
warp negative
wariness negative
waste negative
waste negative
wastefulness negative
watchdog negative
weaken negative
weakening negative
weakness negative
weaknesses negative
weariness negative
weary negative
weary negative
wedge negative
weed negative
weep negative
weird negative
welcome positive
welcome positive
welcome positive
welfare positive
well-being positive
well-wishers positive
wellbeing positive
whatever negative
wheedle negative
whiff neutral
whimper negative
whine negative
whine negative
whips negative
wickedness negative
wiles negative
will positive
willingness positive
wilt negative
wince negative
wink positive
winnable positive
winners positive
wisdom positive
wise positive
wish positive
wish positive
wishes positive
wishing positive
woe negative
wonder positive
wonderful positive
wondrous positive
woo positive
worn negative
worrier negative
worries negative
worry negative
worry negative
worrying negative
worsen negative
worsening negative
worship positive
worth positive
worthlessness negative
would neutral
wound negative
wound negative
wounds negative
wow positive
wreck negative
wreck negative
wrangle negative
wrath negative
wrest negative
wrestle negative
wretch negative
wretchedness negative
writhe negative
wrong negative
wrongly negative
wrought negative
yawn negative
yawn negative
yeah neutral
yearn positive
yearning positive
yelp negative
yep positive
yes positive
zeal positive
zealot negative
zenith positive
zest positive